already civil work has stopped in a
operation against trafficking
anabolic and growth hormones
22 people accused of passing these
substances in various gyms
Spanish television provinces has
talked to a young man that for ten
years he was injecting himself these drugs
Alberto Garrido dreamed of having a
Muscled body to feel more
popular in its environment led to put
intramuscular injections all
days the consumption without control provoked
a kidney failure that was what
made him start a treatment
psychiatric to detoxify
doctor who treated me told me only
said look guys I know what you're
doing
and have a thing if you get
3 about 4 hours later better in tow
the civil time says that in the past
years there has been an increase in
criminal organizations that traffic
with these drugs so much that in some
cocaine traffickers already do it with
these substances the government has started
to give information in the pharmacies of
its harmful effects short period has
cost almost two years but Alberto
walks and safe and accepting your body
one meter 70 centimeters tall and 65
kilos of weight an image that nothing has
that seeing as it was two years ago this
physical was his dream and for this he began to
train in the gym until one day
someone offered to take some products
what he said in those two books, that is,
it's much more of the same smoking than this
started like this with steroid cycles
anabolic and his body started to
change is oats that is almost
practically like a finger
it is impossible to get so
natural you are seeing that what you get
in two months with those products or not
you get it neither in two years of the two
years and a half naturally the cycles
they were increasingly followed by mixing
other drugs to counteract
side effects I bought them too
online at cheaper prices
although I knew that some could even
being fake injected is so much that
not then the muscle does not admit it and you
it produces an infection
that is full of pus they opened me
by the leg and you can imagine a
liter of pus they took me out but after
he suffered from kidney failure that almost
it causes him death was the moment
two years in which he decided to start a
psychiatric treatment to be cured of
the vigorexia I was practically without
testosterone until six months ago
what does that produce for you?
depression is not interesting at all
stimulants anti-inflammatory hormones
of growth clenbuterol drugs
dangerous without control and associated to
sometimes in a fashion favored by the
more aesthetic than sports bodybuilding
that doing a very big muscle very
very striking but I really am
producing that my bones are more more
Fragile weaker than my muscle
stools have less elastic capacity
with which you have more risk that
have break baldness in both men
as women and even sudden death is
the triptych that the agency has drawn up
protection of health in Spain
the sport to give information in the
pharmacies for the guard group
civilian who investigates the illicit traffic
of these drugs
Alberto is an example of the damage that
cause health and how they work
the criminal organizations of a
very profitable crime what we have gone
seeing is that there are drug dealers
that have gone to traffickers
anabolic because because the penalties
they are much lower
they say it leaves almost as much money and the
risk is much lower